Add Rust MCP Server Development collection (#331)
github/awesome-copilot: collections/rust-mcp-development.md

# Rust MCP Server Development

> 'Build high-performance Model Context Protocol servers in Rust using the official rmcp SDK with async/await, procedural macros, and type-safe implementations.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build high-performance Model Context Protocol servers in Rust using the official rmcp SDK with async/await, procedural macros, and type-safe implementations.
```
